Fade in from black. Ocean surf comes into view.
Waves roll onto a smooth, pale beach.
Over the ocean, the words appear: "Why...?"
The view races forward; the word "waiting..." streaks across the water.
The ocean becomes a cracked, sunlit desert. The words read: "for what?"
Rinoa stands with her back to us in a field of flowers. Text: "If you come here..."
Rinoa in the flower field. Text: "You'll find me."
Close on Rinoa's hand as pink petals drift past; she opens her palm.
Petals swirl. A white feather appears, glowing softly, then lifts away.
The feather rises into dark storm clouds as petals whirl around it.
Title card: "SQUARESOFT presents."
A gunblade drops and slams into rock; a black-gloved hand grips it.
White feathers flood the screen—rapid flashes of faces and motion.
Edea appears in an ornate horned headdress; Rinoa turns amid blowing feathers.
Feathers fade into a stormy sky as the scene shifts toward a rocky battlefield.
Seifer, blond and smirking, swings his gunblade in a sweeping arc.
Seifer faces Squall and lifts a hand, beckoning—taunting him to come closer.
Wide shot: Squall and Seifer rush together; blades crash and sparks burst.
Rapid intercuts: Edea's face, Rinoa's gaze, then the duel again.
Close-up: the two gunblades lock; metal grinds as they strain against each other.
Seifer presses the attack; Squall recoils and turns, jaw clenched.
Seifer thrusts out his hand—orange fire magic erupts in a blast.
Squall lies on the rocky ground, grimacing as he tries to rise.
Montage: Rinoa's pendant at her throat; Edea's eyes; Rinoa reaching through swirling feathers.
Warm-toned overlays: Rinoa and Edea superimposed in quick flashes.
Rinoa and Squall step toward each other against a bright, glowing sky.
They embrace. The image cuts to black.
The Final Fantasy VIII logo appears.